hello I'm Tom and I'm Matt the internet
has tried to cook bacon in many ways on
an iron on a blowtorch but they never
tried using one of these what is racks
it looks filthy it's a hair curler right
oh-hoh gave me very good yes didn't eat
a lemon I will say it's starting to
sizzle there Mia okay so the hair color
promises a hundred and seventy degrees
Celsius your Bacon's don't it limp it's
actually looks like it's it's look
that's a key thing that's actually
cooking that's incredible I always
thought that in from because it's a hot
fin next to vacant but I'm surprised
it's cooking so quickly I mean nothing
takes four minutes to warm up so lonely
just turned it on yeah can we attach
that bit some house we're gonna have
more bacon otherwise got it I promise
I'll make that invent a baker when I
don't feeling that's not gonna become
friction I shut the other side yeah it's
sizzling nicely it's not the quickest
bacon cooking I've ever seen in my life
does it stop sizzling no it's good
obviously we would suggest you never try
this at her yeah we are fully qualified
is I am fully qualified I'm fully
qualified sub-link noise and I'm fully
cut this is some kind of engineering
isn't it I think isambard kingdom brunel
will probably not not count this under
engineering but he didn't have these to
play with and getting the string it
would look good if you did though Oh
Isambard Kingdom Brunel with a perm that
would be a powerful look do one try it
on you hold it and I'll time it
alright
I was like is this like a non extreme
version of the clay making thing up that
film ghost no it's like a really dodgy
crystal maze game trip battle on your
home
we got fully working hard here Matt why
are we doing this
good baby laughing this much snarling
using the hob
grab-grab GoPro it's shrunk bacon
shrinks when you cook it it yes that's
true
it's sizzling bacon sizzles when you
cook it yes it's dripping bacon drips
when you hook it yes
looks like duck quacks like a duck might
be bacon it also might be food poisoning
them we should get one small strip here
yes has something cooked on it that we
can eat yet out dying yes that's a
crispy bit that is a bird crispy bit
bring the camera in that is
unquestionably a bird crispy bit right
let's put the plate down yeah camera
back nice and fork social actually yeah
I'm chopping half off a bit of it there
we go oh I love that love it yeah there
we go
yep camera over here it took us 20
minutes we up to 80 bits it's uncooked
Bailey only bits of bacon here we
actually trust in each other it's
coupled it's got them I've definitely
cooked bacon yes we're not gonna cook
the rest of the fat like that usually
your takeaway really